LONG TIME NO SEE,
GENTS.
CHAZZ?
WHAT ARE YOU
DOIN' HERE?
YOU'RE A SLIFER
RED NOW.
YEAH, SO WHAT'S WITH
THE WHITE THREADS?
YOU TRYIN'
TO START A NEW TREND
OR SOMETHING?
HEH HEH.
YOU MIGHT SAY THAT.
HERE'S THE DEAL, LOSERS.
OBELISK BLUE, SLIFER RED,
THEY'RE ALL JUST A BIG JOKE.
IF YOU WANNA BE WHERE
IT'S AT, THEN COME WITH ME.
AND SEE THE LIGHT!
WHAT LIGHT? AND WHO
DO YOU THINK YOU ARE
CALLIN' OUR
DORM A JOKE?
YEAH, YOU'RE
JUST JEALOUS
'CAUSE CROWLER
KICKED YOU OUT
OF OBELISK BLUE!
HA HA HA!
ME JEALOUS OF YOU DORKS?
I'M AN ELITE MEMBER
OF THE MOST POWERFUL
ORGANIZATION IN THE WORLD--
THE SOCIETY OF LIGHT!
UH, YEAH.
WELL, GOOD LUCK
WITH ALL THAT.
BUT WE WERE
JUST LEAVING.
YEAH, SO WHY
DON'T YOU DO
THE SAME?
I THINK WHAT YOU BOYS
NEED IS A DEMONSTRATION
OF THE SOCIETY'S POWER.
WHAT? YOU GONNA DUEL
ALL OF US?
[BOYS CHUCKLING]
WHY NOT? I CAN SPARE
A FEW MINUTES.
YOU REALLY ARE NUTS,
AREN'T YOU?
I'M INFUSED WITH THE POWER
OF THE LIGHT, AND SOON
YOU'LL FEEL IT, TOO!
[LAUGHING SINISTERLY]
IT'S SHOW TIME.
[BOYS SCREAMING]
♪ CHILLING OUT WITH
YOUR CREW IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE,
NEVER LOOKING TOO HARD ♪
♪ WELL, BACK AT CLASS,
THEY NEVER TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU GOTTA
LEARN HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES, HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE 'EM ON
TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ LET'S GO ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GENERATION NEXT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE
AND WIN THIS FIGHT ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE SOMEHOW ♪
♪ YEAH, YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ COME ON AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
Jasmine:
IT'S AN EMERGENCY!
Alexis
LET ME GUESS. YOU
LOST YOUR HAIRBRUSH?
EVEN WORSE!
SOMETHING HAPPENED
TO OUR DORM!
WELL, THERE HAVE BEEN
SOME WEIRD THINGS GOING
ON AROUND HERE LATELY.
BUT THIS BETTER
BE LEGIT. COME ON!
Jasmine: BY THE WAY,
DID ANYONE FIND
A PINK HAIRBRUSH?
Hassleberry: IS THAT
THE BLUE BARRACKS?
Syrus:
NOT ANYMORE!
Mindy: AND WHITE IS
SO NOT MY COLOR.
Alexis: IT'S MY BROTHER!
Girls: ATTICUS!
LEX, THE WHOLE
DORM'S GONE NUTS.
I TRIED TO DO SOMETHING,
BUT I WAS JUST TOO LATE.
THEY'RE WITH HIM NOW.
WHO?
SEE FOR YOURSELF.
Alexis: YOU'VE GOT
TO BE KIDDING ME.
IT'S GOOD TO BE THE CHAZZ.
AND THIS IS JUST THE START,
'CAUSE SOON I'LL SEE TO IT THAT
THE ENTIRE WORLD SEES THE LIGHT!
Together: ALL HAIL
THE SOCIETY OF LIGHT!
Boys: ALL HAIL THE CHAZZ!
ALL HAIL THE CHAZZ!
[BOYS CHEER]
[CHUCKLES]
THANK YOU, BOYS,
BUT I THINK WE SHOULD
GIVE SOME PROPS
TO THE PERSON WHO'S REALLY
RESPONSIBLE FOR ALL THIS!
AND THAT'S SARTORIUS!
Boys: ALL HAIL
MASTER SARTORIUS!
SARTORIUS?
HOLD ON A SEC! ISN'T THAT
ASTER PHOENIX'S MANAGER?
Chazz: THAT'S RIGHT, DORK!
BUT HE'S SO MUCH MORE THAN
JUST THAT LOSER'S MANAGER!
SARTORIUS HOLDS THE ANSWERS
TO THE GREATEST QUESTIONS
OF THE UNIVERSE.
HUH?
Hassleberry: THAT BOY'S A FEW
TRAP CARDS SHY OF A FULL DECK.
HEY, CHAZZ,
I GET IT NOW!
YOU AND YOUR FRIENDS
HERE MUST HAVE BEEN EXPOSED
TO TOO MANY WHITE PAINT
FUMES, THAT'S ALL.
THE ONLY CRAZY ONES
ARE YOU PEOPLE,
'CAUSE WHEN IT COMES
TO THE TRUTH, YOU'RE
ALL IN THE DARK.
BUT FACE ME IN A DUEL
AND I'LL SHOW YOU THE LIGHT!
YOU KNOW ME. I CAN'T
SAY NO TO A DUEL.
SO GET YOUR GAME ON!
HOLD ON!
HUH?
I MAY NOT LIVE HERE
ANYMORE, BUT I'M
STILL AN OBELISK.
YOU MEAN YOU WANNA
DUEL HIM?
BUT HE'S INSANE!
Alexis:
THEN HE SHOULDN'T BE
TOO HARD TO BEAT, RIGHT?
WRONG.
TRUST ME, LEX.
ALL OF THOSE GUYS
DUELED HIM AND LOST.
THEN HE TURNED THEM
INTO MINDLESS ROBOTS!
Syrus: I WOULD HAVE
SAID "ZOMBIES,"
BUT, YOU KNOW, EITHER WAY.
WELL, IT'S UP TO ME
TO SAVE 'EM.
ALL RIGHT, PRINCETON,
READY TO DO THIS?
ARE YOU READY TO SEE
THE LIGHT?
'CAUSE GUESS WHAT,
I ALREADY KNOW HOW
IT'S GONNA END,
THANKS TO A VERY
DEAR FRIEND OF MINE.
[CHUCKLING]
THIS IS MOST PUZZLING.
MY PREDICTIONS NEVER FAIL.
BUT ACCORDING TO THE CARDS,
JADEN WAS TO SUFFER
A DEVASTATING LOSS.
YET SOMEHOW HE WON. HMM.
THE RIGHT SIDE UP
PRINCE! INTERESTING.
IT'S TIME FOR A CHANGING
OF THE GUARD.
ASTER IS OF NO USE TO ME.
THE CARDS HAVE SPOKEN.
JADEN YUKI IS THE ONE I NEED.
I'VE BEEN WAITING FOR THIS
MOMENT EVER SINCE WE MET,
'CAUSE WHEN I DEFEAT
YOU, YOU'LL FINALLY
BE WHERE YOU BELONG,
STANDING RIGHT BY MY SIDE
AS WE BASK IN THE LIGHT!
IT'S YOUR DESTINY,
ALEXIS.
BEFORE YOU WERE
JUST ANNOYING.
NOW YOU'VE CROSSED
OVER INTO CREEPY.
YOU'RE JUST JEALOUS
BECAUSE I CAN SEE
INTO THE FUTURE!
[GASPING]
YEAH, THAT'S RIGHT.
I CAN PREDICT THINGS
BEFORE THEY HAPPEN!
IT'S JUST ONE OF
THE MANY PERKS
OF BEING A PREFERRED MEMBER
OF THE SOCIETY OF LIGHT!
IS THAT SO? I BET
I KNOW ANOTHER ONE
OF YOUR "PERKS."
A WHITE ROOM COMPLETE
WITH PADDED WALLS!
DID YOU HAPPEN
TO SEE THAT IN YOUR
FUTURE, CHAZZ?
I DON'T EXPECT YOU
TO BELIEVE ME.
THAT WILL COME IN TIME,
WHEN I WIN
AND YOU JOIN
THE SOCIETY OF LIGHT!
[CHEERING]
ALL RIGHT, CHAZZ,
TIME TO KNOCK SOME
SENSE INTO YOU!
Both: NOW GAME ON!
I'LL START.
I ACTIVATE
THE SPELL CARD--
INFERNAL WHITE!
SO FOR THE REST OF
THE DUEL, STARTING NOW,
YOU GET TO SEE
MY ENTIRE HAND!
YOU SEE, LEX, THE SOCIETY
DOESN'T BELIEVE IN SECRETS.
AND SINCE I ALREADY
KNOW I'M GONNA WIN,
WHY SHOULD I HAVE
ANYTHING TO HIDE?
Alexis, thinking:
THIS MUST BE A TRICK.
EVEN CHAZZ
ISN'T THAT DUMB!
I PLAY ARMED DRAGON
LEVEL 3!
THEN I'LL THROW
THIS GUY FACE-DOWN,
AND I'LL CALL IT A TURN.
WHAT'S THE POINT?
EVEN THOUGH
IT'S FACE-DOWN,
WE KNOW WHAT HE
JUST PLAYED!
YEAH, IT KIND OF
TAKES THE THRILL AWAY.
NOW THAT WE CAN SEE HIS HAND,
THERE ARE NO SURPRISES!
Atticus: I'M GONNA HAVE
TO DISAGREE, SY.
I WAS TOTALLY SURPRISED
BY HIS MOVE.
SURPRISED BY HOW
DUMB IT WAS?
YEAH, WHAT WAS
CHAZZ THINKING?
ACTUALLY, GIRLS,
IT WAS PRETTY SMART.
I'M CONFUSED.
IS HE TRYING
TO LOSE THE DUEL
OR SOMETHING?
HA HA HA HA!
THINK OF HIS
STRATEGY AS A SONG.
IF HE SHARES ALL
THE LYRICS WITH US,
THEN WE CAN SING ALONG,
AND IT'LL BE A HIT!
AT FIRST I
WAS CONFUSED. NOW
I'M TOTALLY LOST.
HERE WE GO!
OH, DID I MENTION
MY SPELL CARD
HAS ANOTHER EFFECT?
YOU'RE GONNA
LOVE THIS!
EVERY TIME ANOTHER TURN
PASSES, YOU TAKE A WHOPPING
600 POINTS OF DAMAGE!
I SUMMON GOOD
OLD CYBER TUTU...
AND THAT'S NOT ALL.
NEXT I'LL PLAY
MY ANGEL WING
SPELL CARD!
IT'S TIME TO EARN
YOUR WINGS,
GIRLFRIEND.
[CHUCKLES]
Alexis, thinking:
NOW IF ALL GOES
ACCORDING TO PLAN,
CHAZZ IS
GONNA DESTROY
MY ANGEL WING
BY ACTIVATING
HIS MYSTICAL
SPACE TYPHOON.
SO WHAT'S HE WAITING
FOR? JUST PLAY IT!
HE'S PRETTY CREEPY.
TYPICAL GUY.
Syrus: SHE'S PRETTY
WOUND UP.
Hassleberry:
TYPICAL GAL.
WELL, UH, AH...
HMPH.
CYBER TUTU,
DIRECT ATTACK.
POUNDING PIROUETTE!
IS YOUR BALLET
RECITAL OVER?
I WOULDN'T LAUGH IF
I WERE YOU,
'CAUSE THANKS TO MY
BALLERINA'S ABILITY,
YOU LOSE ANOTHER
300 POINTS!
NOW I'LL THROW
DOWN TWO FACE-DOWNS
AND THEN...
THEN I'LL STEP IN!
WHY DO YOU LOOK
SO SURPRISED?
YOU ALREADY KNOW WHAT
MY FACE-DOWN CARD IS,
SO DIDN'T YOU THINK
I'D USE IT?
OH, WAIT. I KNOW.
YOU WEREN'T SURE
WHEN I'D USE IT...
OR WHAT CARD
I'D USE IT ON.
[CHUCKLES]
IF ONLY YOU WERE
ABLE TO SEE INTO
THE FUTURE, LIKE I CAN.
Alexis, thinking:
THERE'S NO WAY
CHAZZ IS PSYCHIC.
PSYCHO, MAYBE,
BUT NOT PSYCHIC.
IF HE REALLY COULD SEE
THE FUTURE,
HE WOULD HAVE
DESTROYED MY OTHER
FACE-DOWN CARD,
'CAUSE THAT'S THE ONE
I PLAN TO USE TO DESTROY
HIS ARMED DRAGON!
AS SOON AS CHAZZ
UPGRADES
HIS LEVEL 3 DRAGON
TO A LEVEL 5 DRAGON,
I'LL JUST ACTIVATE
MY PURE PUPIL
TRAP CARD
AND SEND HIS
MONSTER STRAIGHT
TO THE GRAVEYARD!
MY MOVE!
CHECK THIS OUT.
Syrus: ALEXIS, BE CAREFUL!
CHAZZ IS PROBABLY
GONNA ACTIVATE HIS
DRAGON'S SPECIAL ABILITY!
Hassleberry: AND PLAY
A STRONGER ONE!
Alexis, thinking:
WELL? WE ALL KNOW WHAT YOU'RE
GONNA DO, SO JUST DO IT!
DO YOU REALLY THINK I'M
GONNA WALK INTO YOUR TRAP?
NOT ON YOUR LIFE!
MAYBE THE OLD CHAZZ
WOULD'VE.
BUT THE NEW
AND IMPROVED CHAZZ
KNOWS BETTER!
YOU'RE TARGETING MY DRAGON
WITH YOUR FACE-DOWN CARD!
AS SOON IT EVOLVES
TO A LEVEL 5,
YOU'RE GONNA BLAST
IT OFF THE FIELD
WITH PURE PUPIL!
BUT HOW DID YOU
KNOW THAT?
IT'LL ALL BE
CLEAR WHEN I WIN
AND YOU STAND BY MY SIDE,
WHERE YOU BELONG!
WHAT'S HAPPENING TO ME?
YOU'RE BEGINNING
TO SEE THE LIGHT!
[CHAZZ LAUGHING SINISTERLY]
Hassleberry:
MAYBE REVEALING
HIS ENTIRE HAND
WASN'T SUCH A BAD
TACTIC, AFTER ALL.
Syrus: HOW DO
YOU FIGURE?
JUST LOOK.
ISN'T IT OBVIOUS?
CHAZZ TOTALLY THREW
ALEXIS OFF HER GAME.
SINCE SHE CAN SEE
HIS HAND, SHE'S TRYING
TO PREDICT HIS MOVES.
BUT INSTEAD OF SHOWING
HER USUAL CONFIDENCE,
SHE KEEPS
SECOND-GUESSING HERSELF!
SHE'S DISTRACTED.
SHE'S MORE WORRIED ABOUT
HIS CARDS THAN HER OWN.
IF SHE DOESN'T SNAP OUT OF IT,
THEN SHE'S GONNA LOSE!
COME ON, LEX!
Hassleberry:
FORGET ABOUT HIM!
WORRY ABOUT YOUR
OWN MANEUVERS NOW!
TOO LATE FOR THAT!
HEY, ALEXIS, DID YOU FIGURE
OUT WHAT I'M GONNA DO NEXT?
I'M ACTIVATING
MY LEVEL DOWN SPELL!
AND THANKS TO THIS CARD,
THE LEVEL 5 DRAGON
IN MY HAND
DECREASES BY TWO LEVELS!
SO I CAN PLAY IT
WITHOUT A SACRIFICE!
DIDN'T SEE THAT
COMING, DID YA?
ARMED DRAGON
LEVEL 5, YOU'RE ON!
NOW SEND HER LITTLE
BALLERINA TWIRLING
STRAIGHT TO THE GRAVEYARD!
INFERNO ASSAULT!
SHE WAS EQUIPPED
WITH ANGEL WING!
AND WHENEVER IT
GETS DESTROYED, ITS
ABILITY ACTIVATES!
SO I CAN DRAW
ONE CARD!
YOU'RE GONNA NEED IT,
'CAUSE I'M NOT DONE!
MY ARMED DRAGON
LEVEL 3 WAS FEELING
A LITTLE LEFT OUT!
ALEXIS!
POOR SIS. I'VE NEVER
SEEN HER LIKE THIS.
I WANNA JUST RUN OUT
THERE AND PROTECT HER...
LIKE WHEN WE WERE KIDS.
OH, ATTICUS,
YOU'RE SO SWEET!
I WISH
I HAD A BROTHER
LIKE YOU.
OH, YEAH!
I ALMOST FORGOT!
MY ARMED
DRAGON LEVEL 5 HAS
A SPECIAL ABILITY!
OF COURSE, YOU COULD'VE
STOPPED ME
WITH YOUR
PURE PUPIL TRAP
IF YOU HAD A MONSTER
ON THE FIELD WITH LESS
THAN 1,000 POINTS.
BUT SINCE I KNEW YOUR
PLAN ALL ALONG,
I MADE SURE TO DESTROY
ALL YOUR MONSTERS
BEFORE ACTIVATING IT.
AND SO NOW
THAT THE COAST IS CLEAR,
I SACRIFICE
MY LEVEL 5 DRAGON
SO I CAN SUMMON THIS
TO THE FIELD...
ARMED DRAGON
LEVEL 7!
CHAZZ IT UP!
FINISH HER
OFF, BOSS!
YOU CAN DO IT!
COME ON!
CHAZZ IT UP!
THIS IS YOUR LAST SHOT.
SO YOU'D BETTER MAKE IT COUNT
UNLESS YOU WANNA QUIT.
DON'T GIVE UP, SIS!
HUH?
REMEMBER THAT NEW SONG
I'VE BEEN WORKING ON?
WELL, IT'S FINALLY DONE!
I DEDICATE THIS ONE
TO YOU, ALEXIS!
♪ LEXI, HOW I WISH
YOU COULD SEE ♪
♪ THAT NO ONE BUT YOU
CAN CONTROL YOUR DESTINY! ♪
♪ YOUR FUTURE'S IN YOUR HANDS,
SO WIPE AWAY THAT TEAR! ♪
♪ AND, LEXI, REMEMBER ♪
[SOUR NOTE]
♪ YOUR BROTHER'S ALWAYS HERE! ♪
[GLASS BREAKS]
OH, MAN. DON'T
QUIT YOUR DAY JOB.
ROGER THAT.
COME ON, GUYS.
HIS SONG WAS KINDA
CATCHY, IF YA ASK ME.
[GIRLS GIGGLE]
THAT REALLY MEANT
A LOT TO ME.
THANKS, ATTICUS.
YOU WANNA SEE
THE FUTURE?
WELL, HERE IT IS!
MY MOVE!
I DON'T HAVE
A LAME SONG FOR YA,
BUT I DO HAVE THIS!
600 POINTS OF
DAMAGE TO YOUR SCORE,
THANKS TO MY INFERNAL
WHITE SPELL!
FINE! I ACTIVATE
MY POT OF GREED!
SO I'LL DRAW
TWO CARDS!
THEN I PLAY
CYBER PETIT ANGEL!
AND THANKS TO
ITS SPECIAL EFFECT,
I CAN ADD MY
MACHINE ANGEL RITUAL
TO MY HAND!
AND YOU KNOW
WHAT THAT MEANS,
DON'T YOU?
NOW, I SACRIFICE
MY ANGEL
AND MY CYBER PRIMA
IN ORDER TO SUMMON
CYBER ANGEL DAKINI!
AND JUST
LIKE IN MY
BROTHER'S SONG,
YOU CAN DECIDE
YOUR OWN DESTINY
BY CHOOSING
WHICH ONE OF YOUR
MONSTERS MY DAKINI
WILL DESTROY NOW!
I PICK
MY LEVEL 3 DRAGON.
YOU HEARD HIM!
ATTACK!
[YELLS]
LASTLY, I PLACE
TWO CARDS FACE-DOWN.
Alexis, thinking:
ALL RIGHT. BASED
ON CHAZZ'S HAND,
IT LOOKS LIKE I
HAVE TWO OPTIONS.
HE HAS 2,700
LIFE POINTS,
AND MY CYBER ANGEL
DAKINI HAS 2,700
ATTACK POINTS.
SO IF CHAZZ ATTACKS
ME WITH HIS
LEVEL 7 DRAGON,
I'LL ACTIVATE
MY DOUBLE PASSE
TRAP CARD.
SURE, I'LL LOSE
THE REST OF MY
LIFE POINTS.
AAH!
BUT THANKS TO MY
TRAP, SO WILL CHAZZ!
[MOANING]
IN THAT CASE,
THE DUEL WILL END
IN A DRAW.
OF COURSE, THERE'S
ALWAYS THE CHANCE
HE'LL ACTIVATE
HIS DRAGON'S
SPECIAL ABILITY.
IT LETS HIM DESTROY
ONE OF MY MONSTERS
BY SACRIFICING ONE
FROM HIS HAND.
THE GOOD NEWS IS,
CHAZZ DOESN'T
HAVE ANY MONSTERS
IN HIS HAND.
AND EVEN IF HE
DRAWS ONE IN
HIS NEXT TURN,
MY CYBER
ANGEL DAKINI WILL
BE PROTECTED,
THANKS TO
MY OTHER TRAP CARD--
ANGEL BLAST.
'CAUSE IF CHAZZ
TRIES TO USE
HIS DRAGON'S
SPECIAL ABILITY
AGAINST MY DAKINI,
NOT ONLY WILL
MY ANGEL BLAST
SHIELD IT FROM HARM,
IT'LL ALSO INSTANTLY
FRY THE ATTACKING
MONSTER TO A CRISP!
THEN I'LL WIN
THE DUEL!
HOW'S THAT FOR
TAKING CONTROL OF
MY OWN DESTINY?
[CHAZZ CHUCKLES]
HUH?
YOU'RE THINKING PRETTY HARD
ABOUT THIS MOVE, AREN'T YOU?
GOING THROUGH
EVERY POSSIBLE SCENARIO
IN YOUR HEAD?
YEAH, MAYBE I AM.
AND YA KNOW WHAT?
MAYBE I FIGURED OUT
HOW TO BEAT YOUR
TACKY WHITE PANTS OFF!
YA SEE, UNLIKE
YOU CHAZZ,
I'M NOT GONNA
LET SOMEONE ELSE
DECIDE MY FATE!
SO, ALEXIS, READY
TO SEE THE LIGHT?
WHAT HAPPENED TO YOU?
I MEAN, SURE,
YOU'VE ALWAYS BEEN
AN OBNOXIOUS BRAT,
BUT YOU USED
TO THINK FOR YOURSELF!
YOU'LL UNDERSTAND ONCE
YOU STEP INTO THE LIGHT.
I WAS IN THE DARK,
TOO, TILL MASTER SARTORIUS
SHOWED ME THE WAY.
NOW EVERYTHING
IS CLEAR.
AH, THE LIGHT SHINES
ON ALL OF US.
YOU JUST HAVE TO CHOOSE
TO SEE IT, LEX.
IT HOLDS
ALL THE ANSWERS!
ALL HAIL THE LIGHT!
Boys: ALL HAIL THE LIGHT!
HEAR THAT?
[CHEERING]
YOU CAN BE A PART
OF IT, TOO.
JUST SURRENDER
TO THE LIGHT.
Boys:
SURRENDER TO THE LIGHT!
THEY'RE NUTS.
IT'S ONLY A MATTER
OF TIME, ALEXIS!
I PLAY MY MAGICAL
MALLET SPELL!
THIS CHANGES EVERYTHING,
'CAUSE MY ENTIRE HAND GOES
RIGHT BACK INTO MY DECK NOW.
THEN I SHUFFLE,
AND VOILA!
I GET TO DRAW
THE SAME NUMBER OF CARDS
I PUT BACK IN MY DECK.
NOW, LET'S SEE
WHAT I'VE GOT!
AH, NOT BAD AT ALL!
[GASPING]
Alexis, thinking:
HIS WHOLE HAND
JUST CHANGED!
AND WHAT'S WORSE,
HE DREW TWO REALLY
POWERFUL CARDS.
I SACRIFICE
MY LEVEL 7 DRAGON NOW...
SO I CAN BRING OUT MY
ARMED DRAGON LEVEL 10!
[CHUCKLES]
HOLD ON, IT GETS WORSE.
'CAUSE NOW I PLAY
WHITE VEIL!
[GROANING]
HIS MONSTER,
IT'S TOO POWERFUL.
Alexis, thinking:
BUT THAT DOESN'T
MEAN I'M GONNA LOSE!
I CAN STILL END
THIS IN A DRAW!
I PLAY DOUBLE PASSE!
WHY ISN'T IT ACTIVATING?
THAT'S BECAUSE MY
ARMED DRAGON IS PROTECTED
BY THE LIGHT OF TRUTH!
IT'S WEARING A WHITE VEIL,
SO WHEN IT ATTACKS,
EVERY SPELL AND TRAP CARD
IS DESTROYED!
NOW, ARMED DRAGON
LEVEL 10, ATTACK!
YOUR TARGET:
HER CYBER ANGEL DAKINI!
SHOW HER THE LIGHT
WITH ARMED LUMINIZER BLAST!
Jaden: IT'S OVER!
IS SHE OKAY?
ALEXIS!
SISSY!
Chazz: WHAT ARE YOU GONNA DO,
SING HER ANOTHER LAME SONG?!
JUST GIVE IT UP, DORKS.
SHE'S ONE OF US NOW.
AND SOON YOU'LL
ALL BE ON MY SIDE.
Jaden: SHE MUST BE IN SHOCK.
Girls: SAY SOMETHING!
Atticus: YOU HAVE NOTHING
TO BE ASHAMED OF, SIS!
YOU TRIED YOUR
BEST OUT THERE!
ATTICUS IS RIGHT! YOU
STAYED TRUE TO YOURSELF, LEX.
YOU STUCK TO YOUR GUNS,
AND YOU NEVER GAVE UP!
Alexis: DON'T YOU GUYS SEE?
I'M GLAD I LOST.
IT OPENED MY EYES
TO THE TRUTH
AND HELPED ME TO SEE
THE LIGHT!
[GASPING]
YOU WERE RIGHT,
CHAZZ. THANK YOU.
I'M READY TO
ENTER THE SOCIETY
OF LIGHT NOW.
IT'S YOUR DESTINY.
THIS IS WORSE
THAN I THOUGHT.
♪ CHILLING
OUT WITH YOUR CREW
IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE,
NEVER LOOKING
TOO HARD ♪
♪ WELL, BACK AT
CLASS, THEY NEVER
TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS
YOU GOTTA LEARN
HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES,
HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE 'EM
ON TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ LET'S GO ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GAME ON,
GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON ♪
♪ COME ON AND
GET YOUR GAME ON ♪